c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.dll.config
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.pdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.apk
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Face.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Common.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.pdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.dll.config
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.xml
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.pdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.apk
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FaceIdXamarinSample.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Media.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\diego\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.dll.config
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.pdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.apk
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android-Signed.apk
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Face.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Common.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.pdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.dll.config
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.xml
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.dll
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.pdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.apk
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FaceIdXamarinSample.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Media.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\diego\Desktop\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.pdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.dll.config
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.pdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.apk
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android-Signed.apk
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Face.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Common.dll
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.pdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.dll.config
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.xml
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll.mdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.apk
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\obj\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\slipk\Desktop\xamarinFaceId-master\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android\bin\Debug\FaceIdXamarinSample.Android.dll.mdb
